# A1: Fytá

## Motivation and Goals
Plants are an evergrowing market that is stuck in the past: shops are still mostly tied to a physical stand, something that users are beginning to disfavor. It is our goal to give a new and better option to plant lovers, to give them a platform where they can buy and obtain more information regarding the plants they love the most, as well as recommend new plants that might be to their liking. 

Users will have access to their fellow plant lovers reviews on the products for them to be fully aware of the quality of the products they're buying, being that they will have the ability to properly determine what plants fit best their needs.

Store managers will be able to administer the product inventories that are available to the buyers as well as check statistics regarding products being sold, such as the most sold items by category and season, which will give them the power to decide which products to invest in the most.


## Main Features

The website will have an administrator hierarchy to manage the site. There will be one administrator and several managers to coordinate the store. The administrator has the same privileges as the managers, in addition, to supervise the current managers (add/remove them). 

The manager will be able to add or remove items for purchase, as well as manage their stock. They can provide detailed information and add photos and videos for them. They also have the function to moderate the reviews on items, being able to remove comments with offensive content.

To provide additional information for the managers, statistics about collected data will be created based on user usage regarding hot items, seasonal hot items and time/days where most purchases and accesses are made.

The page will allow the user to search for elements based on his input in a search box. To narrow down the results we'll use a filtering mechanism. This way similar products will be more easily related to each other by using a tag system to associate them with keywords.

Besides, the website will also support a search mechanism based on sections to categorize the variety of items that will be available.

When looking into a specific product, a list of related products will appear on the page.

Furthermore, the searched products can be directly bought; saved into a shopping cart that allows the user to have multiple items for checkout in a single purchase; save the product into a "favorite" list or add a new named list to the account.

If you haven't yet registered on the website, you will be able to see and search for all products, albeit it will be impossible for you to make the payment.

The user profile will include a section with the basic information related to the user, a section with information related to older orders as well as a section with the lists belonging to the user.

The users will be able to share experiences. Thus the website will allow them to comment and rank a product that they bought. Additionally, the users will be allowed to share lists links. This means people with the link will be able to add the shared list' products into their shopping cart or respective lists.

The user will have a payment service at disposal, either by the generation of normal payment references and using an external service such as Stripe.

To allow managers to implement marketing strategies through sales and promotional codes, it will be available a feature to apply sales and generate promotional codes.


## User Profiles

### **Manager**

A Manager will be able to manage items and modify their stock, as well as modify its identification tags or an inserted section. Moreover, managers will have access to several provided sale statistics, as well as see buying trends. Given this statistical information, it will also be achievable for them to generate promotional codes or even add seasonal discounts to certain items. To conclude, it will also be feasible for managers to remove any harmful or toxic comments from a review.

### **Administrator**

An administrator will share the same capabilities as a manager, with the addition of the fact that it is a singleton undeletable account whose responsibility is to create manager accounts.

### **Regular User**

After the user registers he can go through the various items in our catalog. He can add items to a shopping cart and remove them if they choose to. When he is ready to check out, a final list will show up to confirm the items to be purchased, an option to input a promotional code and a selection of payment methods. After purchase, the items can be reviewed by users by rating with the option to leave a small text. The user can also create custom wishlists, manage items from it and share with other users.  

### **Guest**
As a guest, you will have access to all existing products on the website and you will be able to add them to a temporary shopping cart, although the buying process and the rest of our features won't be available until account creation.

## Revision history

Changes made to the first submission:
1. Updated README.md


***
GROUP2012, 17/02/2020

* Ana Loureiro, up201705749@fe.up.pt
* André Rocha, up201706462@fe.up.pt
* Filipe Ferreira, up201706086@fe.up.pt
* João Martins, up201707311@fe.up.pt (Editor)
